I purchased the Netany 6-pack of 16 oz glass jars hoping for a good, reusable storage solution. Unfortunately, my experience was incredibly frustrating. The biggest issue is the lids. They simply do not fit properly. Many of the jars struggled to seal, rendering them essentially useless for preserving food or storing anything that needs to be airtight. This is a fundamental flaw that renders the product practically worthless.

Beyond the ill-fitting lids, the jars themselves are excessively slippery when wet, making them difficult and even dangerous to handle. Several near-misses with dropping jars convinced me to reach for alternatives.

Overall, this product is a major disappointment. The combination of poorly fitting lids and slippery glass makes them a risky and impractical choice. I strongly advise against purchasing these jars. Save your money and look for a more reliable brand that prioritizes quality control. This product deserves its one-star rating.
At first we thought these jars worked great for overnight oats. We have had them for just over three months and with normal use there are small chips in the glass that are occurring on the mouth of the lid. I would advise against buying these. unclear if these chips of glass are ending up in the food contained in the jars.
When we got the shipment, some came broken (missed that red flag) so we were refunded and kept the rest. Now, using them, we see that if you so much as tap the edge with a spoon, it’ll cause little shards to break off. We may have been eating little bits without realizing, until now.
I gave this item 1 star because it was falsely advertising the size of the jar. These are NOT 16 ounce jars. They are actually 12 ounce jars. The product was packaged well to minimize risk of breaking in transport. The lid and seal appeared to be in working order.
Silicone seal in lids developed mold that I cannot get clean. And, as others have commented, lids can be very difficult to open and close. I do not recommend this product.
We put the jars in the be freezer in view they are advertised as freezer safe and they cracked and broke into pieces.
Purchased this because the specifications clearly state that they are freezer safe. It even goes so far as praising how easy it is to open the jar from a frozen state. NOT TRUE! Baby food was placed in the jar and into the freezer and it completely cracked. Do not purchase if you want to use it in the freezer!!!
The lids in this would constantly get stuck because they did not screw on correctly and it was really hard to clean the jars because food would get stuck under the little lip at the top. I do not recommend this to anyone.
These lids leak. Ironically, they are also hard to open. I tossed them all because the lid size is not compatible with the other mason jars, I couldn't get a different lid to make them work. Do not buy if you need jars that won't leak.
DO NOT BUY. These shatter when freezing/defrosting.

