Play Video
These overnight oats containers are a game changer for my meal prep routine! The containers are the perfect size for a single serving, and the lids seal tightly, preventing any leaks – even when I toss them in my bag. I love all the beautiful color tops that come with this specific design. The design is sleek and easy to clean, and they’re microwave and dishwasher safe, which is a huge plus. I’ve been using them every week for meal prepping breakfast, and they’ve made my mornings so much easier. I also appreciate that they’re BPA-free and lead free. Highly recommend these for anyone who loves overnight oats or meal prepping in general!I love these for literally any sort of breakfast meal prep. Name the recipe and I’ve done it in these little guys. I’ve also bulk prepared sofrito (Hispanic seasoning base) and these store marvelously in the freezer. Just know that you have to let it thaw a bit because these really SEAL and it was impossible to open fresh out of the freezer lol. The glass is sturdy and not that thin fragile kind. And the seal on the caps are great. I can’t recommend these enough. The cherry on top is that they’re super cute so they really make meal prepping fun and something to look forward too. Also glass containers are always a win. I’m trying to get rid of everything plastic. Since the cap is plastic, just keep it out of the microwave to avoid exposure and you’re golden!These jars are the best! I was looking for stackable jars that I could easily grab from the fridge and eat right out of for my overnight oats. These jars are perfect for that! Tops are made well and they are super cute. Very happy with my purchase.I'm using these to hold bulk coffee in the freezer, they seem to be perfect for the task. One piece lid seals well and has nice texturing. One jar fills the hopper on my grinder just about perfectly, and lets me enjoy a fresher cup for longer!Great quality
Perfect size for breaking down 3.5 pound bags of chai latte mix for daily home use.
Well made, secure topsThese are the perfect sized containers for overnight oats and other small sides for lunches! I love that they go straight in the dishwasher and can be stacked on top of each other in the fridge.I bought these to store my overnight oats in and I adore them! They are good quality all around, aesthetically pleasing, and stack on each other for easy storage. They are completely leak proof and makes meal prep easy!These do not spill. I am an unorganized person and have been in such a rush that a I throw last nights left over soup into one of these containers and then hastily place this in my purse. It lays on its side full on soup, in my purse during my 20 minute commute and bumps around during the 15 min walk from my car to the office. Just to give an idea of the quality. I use these everyday and have not been let down in the 6 months I’ve had these.These are the perfect find for single servings. I love keeping pre-washed fruit cups, yogurt bowls etc in the fridge for easy grab snacks or breakfast. I like this solution better than plastic. The lids are nice and they are nice to eat from. Will probably add more eventually.I use these every day for overnight oats. It's the perfect size. I also use it for certain lunch items. It looks small, but it held the same as my rectangular lunch container. The muted colors are lovely as well.